README.md, before:

# Track to learn English

`listen` `read` `speak` `writing`

1. Movies/ Series/ Conferences/ Talks  `listen` `read`
  - [Netflix](https://www.netflix.com/br/)
  - [TED](https://www.ted.com/)

2. Music `listen` `read` `speak`
  - [Letras](https://www.letras.mus.br/)
  - [Vagalume](http://www.vagalume.com.br/)
  - [Lyrics Training](http://lyricstraining.com)
  - [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/br/)

3. Youtube Channels `listen` `read` `speak`
  - [English For You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeaadwctbD4&list=PLAie3YzOYRmley8mMYy1s9XuZYVxW1Ot7)
  - [Londres na Lata](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqBxQUhcaxPKGHT-ftjwFqw)
  - [Aprendo e Compartilho](https://www.youtube.com/user/davifreitasweb)
  - [English in Brazil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcNm9fM9V5wf-0PZVmkM08g)
  - [Mairo Vergara](https://www.youtube.com/user/MairoVergara)
  - [Learn English ESL](https://www.youtube.com/user/LearnEnglishESL)
  - [BBC Learning English](https://www.youtube.com/user/bbclearningenglish/featured)
  - [Projeto Crazy English](https://www.youtube.com/user/ProjetoCrazyEnglish)
  - [mmmEnglish](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrRiVfHqBIIvSgKmgnSY66g)
  - [English with Lucy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz4tgANd4yy8Oe0iXCdSWfA)
  - [Daily English](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQyQinUTGYTpTz6TTS__xBQ)
  - [Doing English](https://www.youtube.com/user/doingenglishDOTcom)
  - [EngVid](https://www.youtube.com/user/engvidenglish)

4. Books `read` `speak`
  - [Childrens Books Forever](http://www.childrensbooksforever.com/index.html)
  - [Freekids Books](https://freekidsbooks.org/) 

5. HQ's `read` `speak`
  - [Comics English/](http://www.comicsenglish.com/)

6. Podcasts `listen` `read`
  - [ESLPpod](https://www.eslpod.com/website/)
  - [Inglês todos os dias](http://www.domineingles.com.br/category/ingles-todos-os-dias/)
  - [English Teacher Melanie](http://www.englishteachermelanie.com/the-english-teacher-melanie-podcast/)
  - [Agora eu falo Inglês](http://agoraeufalo.com/)
  - [All Ears English](https://www.allearsenglish.com/how-to-listen/)

7. Sites `listen` `read` `speak` `writing`
  - [Interpals](https://www.interpals.net/index.php)
  - [Lang-8](https://lang-8.com/)
  - [Really Learn English](http://www.really-learn-english.com/)
  - [Inglês de Bolso](http://inglesdebolso.com/)
  - [British Council](http://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/en/)
  - [Hellenic American Union](http://www.hau.gr/?i=learning.en.podcasts-in-english)
  - [Better A English](http://www.betteratenglish.com/be-episode-archives)
  - [Reverso Conjugator](http://conjugator.reverso.net/conjugation-english.html)
  - [YouGlish](http://youglish.com/)
  - [EngVid](https://www.engvid.com/)

8. Apps
  - [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/)
  - [HelloTalk](https://www.hellotalk.com/#pt)
  - [QhiNative](https://hinative.com/pt-PO)
  - [All Ears English](https://www.allearsenglish.com/)
  - [Memrise](https://www.memrise.com/)

9. Read
    + News/ Generals
      - [Learning English](http://learningenglish.voanews.com/)
      - [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/)
      - [Time](http://time.com/)
      - [http://www.aljazeera.com/](http://www.aljazeera.com/)
      - [http://mashable.com/](http://mashable.com/)
      - [https://www.theguardian.com/international](https://www.theguardian.com/international)
      - [http://www.bbc.com/news](http://www.bbc.com/news)
      - [https://www.washingtonpost.com/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/)
      - [https://www.wired.com/](https://www.wired.com/)
      - [us.gizmodo.com](us.gizmodo.com)
    
    + Technology
      - [TechCrunch](http://techcrunch.com/)
      - [https://9to5mac.com/](https://9to5mac.com/)
      - [http://www.theverge.com/](http://www.theverge.com/)
      - [http://www.digitaltrends.com/](http://www.digitaltrends.com/)
      - [http://thenextweb.com/](http://thenextweb.com/)
      - [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com)

    + Productivity
      - [http://lifehacker.com/](http://lifehacker.com/)
      - [http://www.productivity501.com/](http://www.productivity501.com/)
      - [http://www.pickthebrain.com/blog/](http://www.pickthebrain.com/blog/)
      - [http://www.lifeoptimizer.org/](http://www.lifeoptimizer.org/)

    + Web Development
      - [-https://www.sitepoint.com/](https://www.sitepoint.com/)
      - [https://www.smashingmagazine.com/](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/)

10. Grammar
  - [English Experts](http://www.englishexperts.com.br/)
  - [English Page](http://www.englishpage.com/)

## My To Do List
- Read at least one article per day
- Change all my devices to English 
- To learn three new words in english everyday
- Watch at least one video with subtitles in English (or no subtitles)

## Help us to improve this track

You can [help us here](contribute.md).

Commit message:

Adding more sites
I've added more news websites, a good channel on youtube focused on learning english, a platform where is uploaded videos of development and left a tip to those who are interested in learn this amazing language.

README.md, after:

# Track to learn English

`listen` `read` `speak` `writing`

1. Movies/ Series/ Conferences/ Talks  `listen` `read`
  - [Netflix](https://www.netflix.com/br/)
  - [TED](https://www.ted.com/)
  - [Amazon Prime Video](https://www.primevideo.com/)

2. Music `listen` `read` `speak`
  - [Letras](https://www.letras.mus.br/)
  - [Vagalume](http://www.vagalume.com.br/)
  - [Lyrics Training](http://lyricstraining.com)
  - [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/br/)

3. Youtube Channels `listen` `read` `speak`
  - [English For You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeaadwctbD4&list=PLAie3YzOYRmley8mMYy1s9XuZYVxW1Ot7)
  - [Londres na Lata](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqBxQUhcaxPKGHT-ftjwFqw)
  - [Aprendo e Compartilho](https://www.youtube.com/user/davifreitasweb)
  - [English in Brazil](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcNm9fM9V5wf-0PZVmkM08g)
  - [Mairo Vergara](https://www.youtube.com/user/MairoVergara)
  - [Learn English ESL](https://www.youtube.com/user/LearnEnglishESL)
  - [BBC Learning English](https://www.youtube.com/user/bbclearningenglish/featured)
  - [Projeto Crazy English](https://www.youtube.com/user/ProjetoCrazyEnglish)
  - [mmmEnglish](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrRiVfHqBIIvSgKmgnSY66g)
  - [English with Lucy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz4tgANd4yy8Oe0iXCdSWfA)
  - [Daily English](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQyQinUTGYTpTz6TTS__xBQ)
  - [Doing English](https://www.youtube.com/user/doingenglishDOTcom)
  - [EngVid](https://www.youtube.com/user/engvidenglish)
  - [Junior Silveira](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5wx-lr0xX13OcpuxrfCeHw)

4. Books `read` `speak`
  - [Childrens Books Forever](http://www.childrensbooksforever.com/index.html)
  - [Freekids Books](https://freekidsbooks.org/) 

5. HQ's `read` `speak`
  - [Comics English/](http://www.comicsenglish.com/)
  - [Cyanide & Happiness](http://explosm.net/comics/archive)

6. Podcasts `listen` `read`
  - [ESLPpod](https://www.eslpod.com/website/)
  - [Inglês todos os dias](http://www.domineingles.com.br/category/ingles-todos-os-dias/)
  - [English Teacher Melanie](http://www.englishteachermelanie.com/the-english-teacher-melanie-podcast/)
  - [Agora eu falo Inglês](http://agoraeufalo.com/)
  - [All Ears English](https://www.allearsenglish.com/how-to-listen/)

7. Sites `listen` `read` `speak` `writing`
  - [Interpals](https://www.interpals.net/index.php)
  - [Lang-8](https://lang-8.com/)
  - [Really Learn English](http://www.really-learn-english.com/)
  - [Inglês de Bolso](http://inglesdebolso.com/)
  - [British Council](http://learnenglish.britishcouncil.org/en/)
  - [Hellenic American Union](http://www.hau.gr/?i=learning.en.podcasts-in-english)
  - [Better A English](http://www.betteratenglish.com/be-episode-archives)
  - [Reverso Conjugator](http://conjugator.reverso.net/conjugation-english.html)
  - [YouGlish](http://youglish.com/)
  - [EngVid](https://www.engvid.com/)

8. Apps
  - [Duolingo](https://www.duolingo.com/)
  - [HelloTalk](https://www.hellotalk.com/#pt)
  - [QhiNative](https://hinative.com/pt-PO)
  - [All Ears English](https://www.allearsenglish.com/)
  - [Memrise](https://www.memrise.com/)

9. Read
    + News/ Generals
      - [Learning English](http://learningenglish.voanews.com/)
      - [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/)
      - [Time](http://time.com/)
      - [http://www.aljazeera.com/](http://www.aljazeera.com/)
      - [http://mashable.com/](http://mashable.com/)
      - [https://www.theguardian.com/international](https://www.theguardian.com/international)
      - [http://www.bbc.com/news](http://www.bbc.com/news)
      - [https://www.washingtonpost.com/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/)
      - [https://www.wired.com/](https://www.wired.com/)
      - [us.gizmodo.com](us.gizmodo.com)
      - [The Telegraph](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/)
      - [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html)
    
    + Technology
      - [TechCrunch](http://techcrunch.com/)
      - [https://9to5mac.com/](https://9to5mac.com/)
      - [http://www.theverge.com/](http://www.theverge.com/)
      - [http://www.digitaltrends.com/](http://www.digitaltrends.com/)
      - [http://thenextweb.com/](http://thenextweb.com/)
      - [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com)
      - [Dev Tube](https://dev.tube/)

    + Productivity
      - [http://lifehacker.com/](http://lifehacker.com/)
      - [http://www.productivity501.com/](http://www.productivity501.com/)
      - [http://www.pickthebrain.com/blog/](http://www.pickthebrain.com/blog/)
      - [http://www.lifeoptimizer.org/](http://www.lifeoptimizer.org/)

    + Web Development
      - [-https://www.sitepoint.com/](https://www.sitepoint.com/)
      - [https://www.smashingmagazine.com/](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/)

10. Grammar
  - [English Experts](http://www.englishexperts.com.br/)
  - [English Page](http://www.englishpage.com/)

## My To Do List
- Read at least one article per day
- Change all my devices to English 
- To learn three new words in english everyday
- Watch at least one video with subtitles in English (or no subtitles)
- Get the lyrics of one song that you like and try to sing it, when you can sing without reading try to write it down, that way you practice all the skills necessary to improve your english

## Help us to improve this track

You can [help us here](contribute.md).
